# Group-based S/W Development Activity

This activity consists of four phases: (1) team-up; (2) development; (3)
backdoor insertion; and (4) code auditing. The overall schedule can be adjusted
based on the progress of the teams.

At a high-level each team will develop a CA service, and insert two backdoors in
their own service. One backdoor should be obvious and easy to spot, and the
other one should be difficult to find. We are going to call them easy backdoor
and difficult backdoor, respectively. After the insertion phase, we will upload
each team's code to a public area by deleting all the commit logs. Next, in the
code auditing phase, each team will try to find backdoors from other team's
services. In the end, each team will submit a proof for each of the backdoors
they found.

We distinguish between an easy and a difficult backdoor because we want to make
sure that each team can find at least one backdoor from each of the other
teams. For easy backdoors, instructors will manually check all of them and
adjust their difficult level. For difficult backdoors, each team should try
their best to hide them. Each team will get scores based on the number of
backdoors found. So as you make your difficult backdoor really difficult to
find, you will relatively get better score than the other teams.

### Programming Language

You should use C, C++, or Python to develop your system.

### Team Up

Meet your team members. Every team should create their team's PGP key, and every
member of the team should sign the team key. Upload your team key to our
course's main repository with a Pull Request. The key should be placed in the
`/TeamKey` directory.

### Development

##### Developing a CA (Certificate Authority)

Your goal here is to create a CA service, which helps its users publish a
certificate through a simple interface (either web or command-line interface is
acceptable). In this activity, a certificate is a signed PGP key by the CA
service. Users can register their own PGP keys through an interface, and
download a signed PGP key from the service. In other words, we consider the CA's
key (i.e., your team key), as a root certificate.

The CA should provide *at least* the following features to its users.

1. A registered user can authenticate to the system interface: you can create
   any kind of interface, e.g., web interface, RESTful APIs, etc.

1. A registered (and authenticated) user should be able to upload their PGP
   key. If there is already an existing one, the uploaded one will replace the
   old one. The service should not throw away old PGP keys though. It should
   store old the old/new keys in an archive, i.e., a file system or a DB.

1. A registered (and authenticated) user should be able to download a
   certificate from the service, which basically contains the user's key signed
   by the CA service and the information about the user. You can create your own
   format or use an existing certificate format such as PKCS. However, it would
   be easier to create your own format for the purpose of this activity.

1. A registered (and authenticated) user can change their basic information,
   such as their email address, which will be stored in the database of the
   service.

1. A registered (and authenticated) user can revoke their key. The revoked key
   will be appended to the certificate revocation list (either in a DB or a file
   system).

1. Any users should be able to see the revocation list.

1. Any user can upload a certificate issued by the CA, and verify whether the
   certificate is valid. If the provided certificate does not follow the
   specific format, the service should emit a proper error message. Also the
   verification process should consider the revocation list.

##### Developing a Tester

Each team should create a test script that can test all the features listed
above. For example, if you are creating a web service, then you should provide a
`curl`-based script that can test all these features.


##### Registered Users DB

Each team will use the same registered user dataset to create their DB. This
does *not* mean that you should use a certain method for implementing the
database: you are completely free to use any kinds of database. For example, you
can simply use your file system as a database. In any case, each team should use
the following user dataset.

| UID   | LASTNAME  | FIRSTNAME | EMAIL                 | PASSWD                                   |
|-------|-----------|-----------|-----------------------|------------------------------------------|
| eliz  | Elizabeth | Welter    | eliz@security.com     | 1a9bb892d2beec91beaf415025f5e109bad6081f |
| seger | Seger     | George    | seger@kaist-is561.com | 9b08b0357d2f1d34ecf42dfd9bc5001733fca132 |
| kung  | Kung      | Qiang     | kung@hello.kr         | 647f8e8c95e4cfc7254cf3dc7bb4f79b97d12712 |

The PASSWD field contains SHA-1 sum of the following passwords:

```
$ echo -en uNaiph9e | sha1sum
1a9bb892d2beec91beaf415025f5e109bad6081f  -
$ echo -en aoBai9yu | sha1sum
9b08b0357d2f1d34ecf42dfd9bc5001733fca132  -
$ echo -en Shoo8pie | sha1sum
647f8e8c95e4cfc7254cf3dc7bb4f79b97d12712  -
```

You should not modify the above data, but you can freely add more data into your
DB if you want.

##### Deliverable

At the end of the development phase, we expect your repository to include a
Dockerfile as well as a build script for creating a *Docker image*.

### Backdoor Insertion

Each team insert both easy and difficult backdoor in their own service. Since
you are going to work on a private repository and we are not going to open your
commit logs, you should clearly indicate how you implement your backdoors in
your commit logs.

##### What is Backdoor?

A backdoor is similar to a vulnerability in that it allows a non-privileged user
to access the entire system. However, the main difference is that backdoors are
intended by the developer, whereas vulnerabilities are not. In this activity, a
backdoor should allow an arbitrary user to get certificate of an arbitrary
person (e.g., a certificate of Elizabeth).

### Code Auditing

In this phase, you will read other teams' code and try to find backdoors (or
vulnerabilities). We expect each team will get at least `N` backdoors from this
phase, where `N` is (the number of teams - 1), because there should be at least
one easy backdoor from each team. However, there is no maximum number of
possible backdoors (vulnerabilities) that you can find because we controlled the
number of backdoors, but not the number of vulnerabilities. There may be some
unintended vulnerabilities in the services you created.

##### Proof

You should create a proof for each backdoor (or vulnerability) you
found. Specifically, you should show a concrete demonstration (live demo) during
your final presentation.

##### Vulnerabilities

We will give extra points for those team who discovered vulnerabilities. If you
found a DoS (Denial Of Service) vulnerability, you will still receive some extra
points although you cannot successfully obtain a non-privileged certificate.

### Presentation

We will periodically meet and have a meeting with students. Please read the
syllabus carefully. We will add an independent activity document for each
scheduled meeting.
