# CTF Final Presentation

Each team will be given 20 minutes for presentation, and 3 minutes for Q&A. The
final presentation should consist of six major parts: introduction, comparison,
demonstration of your backdoor and defense, attacks, defenses, comparisons, and
final thought.

### Brief Introduction

You should introduce yourself to others. Since everyone knows the specification
of the system, you should *not* describe the basic functionality of your system,
and go straight to the next part.

### Demonstration of Backdoor and Defense

You should first briefly introduce your backdoors (both easy and difficult
one). Discuss why you thought your backdoor (hard one) is going to be difficult
to be detected. You then show an actual demo of your backdoors.

Secondly, you should prepare for a patch for each of the backdoors you created,
and briefly explain how it would prevent the exploits that you created. You
should also demonstrate that the same exploit script does not work after
patching.

### Attacks

Share both your success and failure story. Talk how you successfully attacked
the other services. Do you have any interesting episode to share? Talk also
about some failed attempts. This is to demonstrate how far you have gone
through. Which backdoor was the most difficult to exploit? If failed, what was
the reason?

### Defenses (Attacks aginst Your Team)

Talk also about attacks against yourself. Did you observe any interesting
attacks that you haven't thought about? What was the most intriguing attacks
against you? Did other people identified some functional bugs that you were
not aware of?

### Comparisons

Since you have audited other teams' source code, we would like to hear your
impression about observing two different implementations of the same
system. What was the most distinctive characterstics of your system compared to
others? How did you think the designs of the other systems? For example, you
would express your impression about how differently the same feature was
implemented in other teams' systems. Why do you think your system differs from
the other systems? Why do you think your design is better than others, or vice
versa. Any comparative comments about the systems and attacks are welcome here.

### Final Thoughts

What did you learn from the CTF so far? What did you learn from other team's
backdoor or system designs? If you had more time to implement your backdoor,
what kind of improvments would you be able to make? How was your teamwork? What
is the things that you regret the most?

### Final Deliverables

- Your PPT (or a link to gitpitch) should be uploaded to
  [KLMS](http://klms.kaist.ac.kr/mod/assign/view.php?id=306451) by 5/15
  23:59:59.

- You should upload two patches to your own git repository as two separate
  branches. Name the two branches as follows: `easypatch` and `hardpatch`. The
  deadline is by 5/15 23:59:59.
