# Final Write-Up

In this activity, each individual will write a proposal for the next team-based
activity.

### Submission

The deadline is by 23:59:59, 6/9. Submit it to [KLMS](http://klms.kaist.ac.kr/mod/assign/view.php?id=310201).

### General Guideline

Based on your experience on the semester-long team-based activity, propose a
novel way of performing a team-based activity in IS-521. You can propose a new
format of an activity, a new service specification to work on, or even a new way
of running a CTF. The main aim of the activity should be about learning to
become a good security researcher.

### Format

Use the same format as in the [previous activity](0521.md).

### Structure of the Proposal

We recommend you to use the following structure for your proposal.

1. Introduction
    - Brief and concise overview of your proposal.

2. Motivation
    - What is the problem of the current activity. Why do you want to improve
      the problem?
    - What is new about your suggested idea?

3. Proposed Idea
    - Describe your main idea. The idea should be concrete and actionable.
    - Why do you think the idea is good?
    - Do you have a detailed plan for the activity? Explain and show a
      table/figure for your detailed action items and its schedule.
    - How much budget is it required? How many TAs do you think you would need
      to run your idea.

4. Conclusion
    - Concluding remark.

### Extra Point

We will award +10 extra points for student(s) who came up with a clear and
bright idea that we may be able to use in the future classes.
